This episode of Your Mom's house is brought to you by Saatva luxury mattress.
The only online mattress company that provides free delivery set up and mattress
removal.
Wow.
Your mom's house,
Christina.
All right.
I got a big announcement.
Oh,
Eh,
announcement.
Pull your pants up over your head.
Genes,
not just your pants.
Big announcement.
Ge,
uh,
g on December 8th,
the Grammercy theater.
My first show is sold out.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
I'm so excited and Jus Dork titties and I've added a second show at 10:00 PM
show and Jude Dork.
Kitty's December 8th Grammercy theater,
presale for those tickets.
Start Today,
June 20th.
Uh,
I've got a special promo code for mommies.
It's tried out one word.
Try it out.
Uh,
so you can go to Christina p online and get those advanced tickets because they
will hopefully sell out.
Again.
Thank you everybody that's purchased tickets already.
Congratulations.
Graduate nations.
I myself have a new show to announce as well.
Oh my God.
Presale is in effect today.
What is happening in this show is happening November 30th.
Oh,
it is at the Pachanga resort and casino in Temecula,
California.
Presale starts today.
Wednesday,
the code word is champ,
c h a m p.
B general on sale.
We'll begin on Friday,
but you can get those presale tickets at the Pachanga resort and casino.
Um,
of course,
uh,
next week I actually have another show that announces that launches.
Until then,
there are a few things I need to point out.
Let's see.
New Orleans is all sold out.
Um,
a few tickets left in the Boise second show.
I would get it if you want to go.
Sacramento is definitely not going to last.
Fresno,
Bakersfield,
Fort Myers,
Florida.
That's the southwest part of Florida.
Uh,
that's the only place I'm going in that area.
Next year I'll be going back to Tampa and whatnot,
but not this year.
Uh,
Jack me off.
Phil is moving along.
We have a second show added the first show sold out in Orlando and there are
shows in Augusta,
Montclair,
and uh,
fill her up.
Delphia those are all at Thomson [inaudible] Dot Com
to the tour page.
Uh,
Jean tour tour tour.
Do you say tour tour?
I don't say tour tour.
Tour,
tour.
I said that wrong.
No,
I don't think so.
Someone I heard go the tour tour when you were thinking of joining our tour.
I'm going on tour.
Not sure.
I
think it's where people say tournament at a tournament and there was a
tournament,
I say tournament tournament and I say that to torque tournament.
Yeah.
All guys.
Is there another uh,
show doing announcer?
No.
Oh,
okay.
To San Diego.
But what I'm doing San Diego the weekend of thanksgiving.
Okay.
Uh,
the House of Blues.
So if you want to get away from your family or bring your family to the show,
get those tickets.
Also Christine,
great to get out of the House that weekend.
Yeah,
I think by Saturday you're kind of over it and board and um,
it seemed like a good time to do a show.
Thank you to Dylan for sending in that instrumental.
You can always get your instrumentals or songs considered for play by sending
them to your mom's podcast@gmail.com.
There's no house in the address,
it's just your mom's podcast at g mail.
What's up Jean?
All right.
Well there's a lot to cover,
gene.
We've got to get into this shape.
Big Show,
big show today.
All kinds of things going on.
Are you ready to get moving?
I'm ready.
Let's,
let's party.
Let's do it.
I'm a dirty fan on a ship.
Pig.
I'm a tall
guy.
You don't want to station degradation?
There's one for Dr drew right there.
What happened to hear a man?
Oh Man.
Hmm hmm.
Our soundboard just died.
Oh,
you're kidding.
Well,
it didn't play.
That was weird.
I mean,
just admiring this guy's bottom row of teeth are so white is nice teeth.
Well,
I don't know if they're nice.
go to your mom's house.
That's an intense way to start off this guy.
Well,
first of all,
let's give him credit.
He knows if he wants to get on this show.
Be Shirtless.
Yeah.
A frame it up at at uncomfortably close way or just in an unflattering way.
Yeah,
I just noticed the shirtless.
Why always shirtless with these guys.
Agassi in his nostrils.
I mean,
it is.
I always find it kind of odd.
The guys are shirtless in public,
like jogging.
I mean,
that's kind of weird.
Before we continue on this,
I always forget,
you know,
I wrote this down.
I try,
I forget these things that we are now,
um,
blue band just told me the shows are going to be there.
We're on twitch now.
You know,
people can check it out and read titting that.
Yeah,
you can read Ted it,
but here's the thing we're going to start doing on twitch.
The episodes are going to start playing on
twitch two hours before youtube drops out of town.
You can chat,
you know,
you can go along with whatever you want to do and get involved.
Uh,
if you want to try it out,
twitch.tv/your mom's house podcast every Tuesday around 9:00 PM,
that's two hours before the Youtube episode comes out.
Um,
you know,
try it out.
There you go.
That's awesome.
Yeah,
and you get to watch with other viewers.
Is that,
that's how that works.
I'm to try to jump in on one of these two.
Maybe I won't.
She'll see there,
see there and try on myself.
Uh,
yeah,
I'll let you hear this again.
It's a,
it's quite alarming.
Starts off well,
the alarming bit too,
now that I think about it,
it's just doing any sort of video.
Shirtless is preposterous.
That's the least preposterous.
This video.
Right,
but I'm saying like how many shirtless videos have you done?
Like 0.0 that's done a few.
I have done if we've done the tried out guy,
I've done that.
I did.
I burned shaving me 10 years ago.
It's a long time ago.
No,
I don't make a regular habit of it for sure.
Yeah.
I mean,
oddly enough,
you know who does nothing but shirtless stuff is Bert.
Oh I know.
And then so do these people that are troubled mentally ill and then burn drugs.
Lots of drugs.
Yeah.
Let's hear this again.
I got to,
this was really something that'll absorb it.
Yeah.
I'm going to do a defense.
I'm a shape pig.
Dehumanization,
teas.
Let me do doctor Joe.
Oh,
the trauma.
Oh yeah,
this isn't good.
It's a trauma.
Check him out.
He's like,
if you see me in the streets,
if you see me walking on the street,
shout hey shit bake.
And then we'll come to you after the train show piece it shit.
Enjoy your verbal mediation is over me.
You can shit off of me.
You can show your friends what a dirty,
disgusting,
fat that I really am.
Well,
no,
I mean everybody knows we're not saying the f word anymore.
Yeah.
I feel like I'm a little like,
I don't like his insensitivity.
It's very insensitive.
I also would say that maybe he gets a pass because he's saying it about himself.
He'll,
he has a pass.
Yeah.
Well it gets,
this is a lot going on here.
I mean,
I don't know.
I'm sure a lot of people would take him up on the software to call him and shit.
Peg.
I don't know.
Some would for sure.
Yeah,
it does show your friends what a dirty,
disgusting,
fat that I really am.
Right,
right.
Well,
he is.
He always loved of the picture.
Yes.
We did this as it took us happen.
Von Swank took this one year ago.
Maybe I was giving you a sip of that coffee and you almost want them.
I didn't taste like shit.
Yeah.
Really cute.
You look really cute.
I can't wait to look like a person again.
This is very exciting.
What a,
Hey,
are you pregnant?
I'm just full.
Every week somebody will message me like,
Hey,
uh,
what's up with Christina?
So it's bigger.
It's the same.
You have the baby.
Oh,
she's pregnant.
Hey Dummies.
Yeah,
come on.
Don't be,
yeah.
Um,
I'm,
we have four weeks ago,
I'm in the final countdown.
Yeah.
Which is crazy.
And they kind of went by really fast,
didn't it?
I mean,
for me it did went by fast.
It did in places you've been pregnant for like eight years.
Right now.
I know.
Well now it's going slow.
This is the,
the most torturous part of it.
I like to think that when we were in have vat,
the,
yeah.
A year ago you were pregnant
or January.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
And you are already in your pregnancy then.
I know.
It's crazy.
It lasts so long.
It's just too long.
It's too home.
But then,
uh,
you know,
I'll squeeze this pupperoni out.
This little thugs.
I cut it all over again in a few weeks.
So fucking,
how many weeks are we going to skip of the podcast?
Really?
What are you talking about?
We can't skip weeks.
Oh,
I'm asking you because you're the lady having the baby.
No,
we can't skip.
This is important.
I love doing the show without a show.
That's crazy.
So you'll,
you'll,
you'll still managed to come in here and do it even like,
well,
as I'm giving birth,
we can do a podcast there.
As I'm feeding him the first night we can do show there.
Okay.
What do you think?
Yeah,
I mean,
I think we got to try to bank one that least,
right?
At least one.
No,
we are guys,
don't make these listeners panic.
I mean,
I'm not trying to make them panic.
I'm trying to be sensitive to you.
We have,
we have,
we have none banked.
Not right now,
but we will.
Okay.
Wheezy.
We'll get it gone.
Okay.
We gotta do it,
man.
Got to try it out.
Um,
yeah,
this guy here
sent me a text message and I might need you at subway station off within five
minutes.
Oh my goodness.
Can Be abused.
To be laughed at to be raped and mediated off.
Visit me at my place.
You're welcome.
He wasn't mean or the train station.
Yeah.
I think he's in Norway.
Oh my gosh.
What were in the train station he's gonna do in the bathroom.
Well I guess you can just,
you see him get off the train,
you can go hey shit bag.
And he'll be like,
oh that's me.
That's me.
Then you got like,
I gotta take a Piss and maybe you just,
I mean I think the thing would to do would be to like go into the men's room.
Usually manage room,
have multiple urinals.
Yeah.
And he plays him next to one and you just piss in his mouth and get the whole
Party started with,
which is kind of what he wants,
I think.
I Dunno man.
This one's real dark.
It's really,
really crazy.
Yeah.
He's got problems you think?
I think so kind of problems.
Oh,
the trauma.
So he's recreating trauma probably e it's a lot.
Yeah.
You probably don't get that way from having a great childhood,
I'm guessing.
Yeah.
Speaking of trauma.
Uh,
it's been really neat cause you've been into a brand new series on Netflix.
Oh my God,
it's so great.
Anyway,
I am so into the staircase,
that's what it's called.
Yeah.
It's like fucking amazing.
Well it's been really great for my life and for my falling asleep times because
now all I fall asleep to our episodes of this show and it's like an panics nine
one one call is like the first episode where it's like nine one,
one,
what's your emergency?
And he's like,
my wife.
Wow.
I fell down the stairs and I'm like,
what are you listening to?
It's a lot.
Yeah.
It's a lot you guys.
This is why I fall asleep to every night is nine one one calls and you're just
ear to ear.
I'm looking over at you when you,
you can't even,
you're so excited about these horrifying calls.
Yeah.
It's,
um,
what part do you like best about a nine one one call?
Like a panicked person?
No,
I mean I was watching this,
uh,
the staircase is what it's called.
It is fucking unbelievable.
It's basically,
you know what,
it's exactly like if you ever watch dateline or one of those,
um,
you know,
48 hour mysteries,
it's,
it's an extended,
um,
version of that is extended version of that.
And so
be one episode is what,
12 or 13?
Yeah.
So you really get to go in depth on it.
Well your follow a whole trial,
you follow an entire,
ah,
I don't know how these,
these producers got this type of access to uh,
to something like this.
It's really like I've never seen anything like it.
I mean they're in the prosecutor,
the DA's office there with the defense attorneys.
It's um,
it's a lot.
It's a lot.
They get really involved and then you,
you also follow the guy who is on bail home.
You see him at home,
you know,
you want to be doing at home,
hanging out,
having dinner with his family.
It's really one of the things like I didn't kill anybody.
Everything's normal.
Okay.
I don't want to give away this entire thing,
but there's one thing that I have to tell you is like this is the premise for
the whole thing.
So I'm really not,
I'm saying much by,
by,
by telling you this.
Try if I can pull up,
uh,
episode one here.
So
on the,
the way that it starts is that this,
this guy calls nine one one,
which is what you were hearing was that first time.
Let me tell you,
this is how this started.
So,
so horrible.
Our routine basically at night is that Christina,
and this is whether or not she's pregnant.
She always goes to bed before me and she likes,
it's like the perfect marriage because I'm the type of person that if I'm going
to bed first,
which is once a year,
never.
Yeah,
I don't like to hear noise.
Yeah.
I like,
I have to have a quiet room.
Maybe I can hear that.
Yeah.
And dark.
It's gotta be Pitch Black,
pitch black.
It'd be really,
I like white noise.
Like an air conditioning vent or a fan.
You love a fan on you.
Which to me,
I hate,
cause a fan actually blows on me.
But we don't have a fan in there now.
No,
I know,
but it makes me feel like you have a fever.
It's really noisy.
Right?
I like that noise.
Any other noise and if you're watching TV,
I can't sleep right.
You on the other hand cans that you prefer to hear.
I like to hear you.
I like the sound of a television when I fall asleep.
It's very comforting for me.
However,
there are certain shows that I don't like the sound of.
Yeah,
like panics.
Nine one one calls generally not soothing for somebody falling asleep.
So you go,
hold on,
see if you go,
you're like,
all right,
good night and you go to,
you go to bed and I'm just like,
all right babe.
I click on the TV,
pull up what I'm going to watch.
And as you're drifting off to sleep,
you're,
you're basically getting ready to go to bed.
Yeah.
You here leave this place this morning or investigating the death of the
prominent resident.
You hear that sizzle call early.
This your nighttime.
I love you.
All right,
I'll see you in the morning.
And I have really fallen,
lay my head down now for a long day when Peterson's husband is novelist Michael
Peterson for his books on the Begat Don Moore.
He is also a former,
then ran an unsuccessful by all campaign in 1999 era.
This refused additional comment on the depth.
I mean it's already terrifying.
The fall asleep.
Yeah.
This and then this music spooky music.
It's terrible.
Yeah.
I don't know what part of this is soothing for you before you
go to bed.
Yeah.
How do you watch all this shit before you fall asleep?
Isn't it give you nightmares ma'am?
No,
Kathleen and I were in here.
What?
So this guy,
I remember this bit.
Yeah,
I remember it cause I'm listening to a Kelly.
Now we're having wine out here.
That's right.
Right.
And then Kathleen went upstairs and then I went in shortly after and then I
found her at the bottom of the staircase.
Yeah.
And then,
then they play the nine one one call and that's when I piped up and I was like,
the fuck are you watching dude?
That's right.
What are you watching?
Yeah,
she was alive when I thought,
yeah,
okay.
Barely.
Yeah,
Tom.
Now
this what?
I'm trying to fall asleep tonight,
sweetie.
I love,
you know,
but this,
here's the best part.
Or your son's asleep.
The House is nice and quiet.
The dogs have been let out.
The dogs were on the bed snoring with me.
I'm all ready for sleep.
The best part is that the exact exchange was that you hadn't been speaking here
for a few minutes.
Right?
And then it's silent.
Okay.
It's totally silent.
And then I hear you
Tom now or where your market,
they can't go see the street.
Please.
What?
[inaudible] she's still breathing.
What kind of bag?
And then I hear Christina go,
it's really nice to fall asleep to nine one one calls.
I started laughing
because you go and then I'm like,
I start laughing and you go,
God,
how do you,
I'm trying to sleep and this is playing.
It's the worst thing you can do yourself.
Please go meet conscious.
Oh my God.
And I'm trying to sleep
all day
and all I want is to dream of like puppies and Unicorns and that dude.
So clearly acting
what?
Huh?
You can tell,
I mean,
the way that I listened to that is like,
this is completely false.
Yeah.
I'm not even hearing that.
Like I just don't want to hear a person suffering or calling in that their wife
is dead.
I'm like,
oh my gosh,
there's,
so the premise,
by the way,
this is,
you've learned this eight minutes or whatever,
30 seconds into this whole series is that this man found him,
found his wife at the bottom of the stairs,
right.
Dead,
but in a pool of blood and with blood spatter all over the walls.
And he's like,
she fell down the stairs.
And what happens when you fall down the stairs?
Just start bleeding a lot.
Yeah.
And then they're like,
uh,
and then he goes,
as soon as the detectives got here,
they treated me like a suspect.
It's like,
yeah,
Oh yeah,
dip shit.
You're the only one there with her while he's like,
you know,
she fell on the stairs in there.
Like,
um,
there's blood everywhere.
The one thing every woman says who's been abused and I just fell down the
stairs.
Like everyone uses that as an excuse.
I mean I'm not an expert but I dunno.
Sure doesn't look like like a fall down the stairs when you see the photo.
Just I wish there were cameras and our bedroom where like I'm just like this
sweet little angel that I am just trying to sleep and I hear,
oh I fell out of the nine one one.
What's your emergency?
It's terrible.
This is terrible.
Calm down.
So I don't know how many hit right away plus dispatching the ambulance.
Okay.
Yeah.
And your look how happy you are.
Like how joyful that make Troy flows.
Horrible.
But yeah,
but now you love it because you have another murder show to get into law series.
I'm like halfway through it.
I didn't realize,
I think this came out a while ago and they added three new episodes.
Oh.
So also making a murderer is going to have a whole new season.
Hopefully you can watch those while I'm sleeping too.
Yeah,
I can go into my subconscious mind.
Give me nightmares.
The terrorists.
No,
you go.
So you're like talking about and you're like,
God,
isn't this mess with your sleep?
And I'm like,
not at all.
No.
Zero,
no,
this is how you go.
This is what you drift off to.
You know?
I think it's so important to be cautious about what you put into your mind
before you sleeve.
Yeah,
no,
I mean I'm,
I'm being very serious.
I,
that's why I used to listen to like Louise Hay.
I do,
you know,
whatever affirmations or maybe a nice meditation before bed.
So this really goes against everything I believe in terms of the unconscious
mind,
cause I do loop on things.
Sure.
Now what's important?
It's terrible.
This is terrible.
This is a terrible way to fall asleep at night.
I love it.
I love watching the thrillers lunacy.
I mean a lot of people watch this kind of stuff before bed.
A lot of people do,
but I,
I'm not a lot of people and I don't agree with it.
I think that it's really crazy.
Yeah.
I think that's really not good for you.
Bad to what?
Violence and murder before bedtime.
It's,
it's an your,
it's gets in your mind totally like a muppet and that photo.
Yeah,
a little bit right now.
What do you mean?
Which muppet?
I Dunno.
I feel like it's like a muppet.
No,
you look good.
Anyways,
I can,
I can't recommend this series enough.
The staircase on Netflix.
I'm a really into it.
It's really good.
Oh boy.
Onto if residented access to a trial like this.
Yeah.
I woke,
I wake up to pee every hour and I wake up.
I woke up to like a gay escort giving his,
what's that word?
It's an unbelievable stories testimony,
which is funny.
I wasn't getting unbelievable story.
But what you normally get in the news is,
you know,
you see maybe trial coverage on something.
These cameras are home with the suspect,
the guy on trial.
Like you see him having dinner with his family,
talking about stuff.
The defense attorney's planning out every possible defense.
Everything that they think that the prosecutors would bring.
Imagine defending the guy.
That fact that they have to know.
They have to know this guy's a piece of shit,
but they sell it hard that he's not yet.
Well,
they have.
That's,
that's the Gig I remember for the two weeks I was in law school.
They go,
they're going to bring up probably this other person that you knew that died
under suspicious circumstances.
We're just going to have to,
you know,
he's going to be like,
oh,
that's just what they taught me in criminal law for the two weeks I was in law
school,
is that it doesn't matter the guilt or innocence of your client.
You're just presenting the best possible,
not version of the law,
but the best possible defense within the law.
So that's what happens.
It's,
it's,
it doesn't matter if they did it or not.
You're still giving them the best possible crazy thing to say.
Scenario what?
Just that sentence.
Yeah.
It doesn't matter whether it's irrelevant,
if they're guilty or not.
There's still,
they still didn't deserve a defense according to the law and the medical costs
will fucking in the constitution works.
But it's crazy.
It is crazy.
I know this guy raped and murdered somebody.
And I'm not saying this case,
I'm just saying in general sense.
I know this person did this horrific crime,
but I got to relevant to give him as best defense policy.
He's,
everybody's do their process under the law.
It's just crazy.
It's crazy.
I couldn't,
I,
that's why I tapped out after two weeks I was like,
this is not for me.
Does this way of thinking is unnatural?
Who's still paying off that?
Um,
it took me,
I'll tell you how much to two weeks in law school back in the early two
thousands cost me $6,000 six grand.
I remember when I was dating you and you were still like,
yeah,
I'm paying off law school.
Yeah,
it took,
it took a few years,
but I did it man.
Oh,
another thing I want,
I don't want to forget,
I did a lot of appearances last week.
Are you,
did,
you did the hot wings shot ones,
which is coming out next week.
So if you're listening to the show,
as it comes out next week,
I'm on a hot ones with Sean Evans.
Had a great time.
So you ate the hot ones and then you made a lot of hot browns for two days after
your that you were at my butthole.
Absolutely destroyed my asshole.
Uh,
it was worth it.
I mean he's,
he's the best interviewer in the game and it was a really fun show to do,
but I wish they would follow up with you.
Like here's you eating the hot ones and then here's you shitting the hot ones.
Oh my God.
And it also was,
it wasn't just one shit,
no shit.
Later that day,
twice the next morning I had a real hot brown and then later in the morning I
had another hot brown,
they should call it hot brown ones.
Yeah,
I um,
I don't know.
We laughed a lot.
We had a good time.
That was great.
I also,
I also appeared on the h three h three podcasts.
Ether and Heela Klein were so much fun trying to get them to come on your mom's
house.
Uh,
I had a great time with them.
I did their podcast number 69,
69 number 69 podcasts.
Um,
perfect.
Yeah,
those two are hilarious and sweet.
And then I also appeared on the tomorrow show with Kevin Undergaro.
So if you don't have your full fix of me,
um,
download or go to youtube,
go to the tomorrow show,
go to the h three podcasts and like I said,
in a week I'll be on hot ones.
I just wanted to plug all those before.
Yeah.
Um,
where will your about Holby my butthole.
Yeah.
What do you mean?
Oh,
where are my Boho will be?
this is kind of a dude.
Check this out.
Um,
we were talking about tipping a massage therapist so that we can fart during
roadside.
No.
Hey there mommy.
I am actually a certified massage therapist.
I was listening to your podcast.
You guys seem to be very uncomfortable with farting during massage.
Well,
who isn't?
I mean it happens all the time and they trained us in school that people get
relaxed enough to fart.
And in some weird way it can be considered a compliment even though it kind of
sucks it deal with it means we're doing our job correctly and we always have
essential oils and fabric sprays if it gets bad to put under our nose.
So just relax and let us do our job.
Don't clench up,
let it rip.
Body Odor,
however,
is an entirely different issue.
You don't shower before you go to get a massage and you are a trash human being.
Farts dissipate quickly.
Body odor stays the entire fucking time and it's horrible.
Signed Dylan.
Well,
what animals going into a massage?
Filthy.
I mean apparently enough where Dylan is bringing it up and I think you're a real
piece of garbage for doing that.
I think so too.
I don't think that's fair.
I always showered like moments before.
Yeah,
that's courteous.
Now here's the thing,
now what the fart during the massage is that if you just do one good clench.
Yeah,
I found that that usually remedies at the fart just goes back up inside of you
and you're done.
Usually.
Yeah,
I,
I'm not comfortable farting on mine either.
I don't,
I don't know.
I know it's just,
it's too much.
It's too much.
Too much.
I don't like it.
I don't want to do it.
I'm not going to keep fighting during massage.
Apropos our discussion the other day we were laying in bed and,
um,
you I think were farting or burping or something and we started to have this
discussion and I was like,
no,
no.
Let's save this for the show.
This is,
this is what we get paid for it.
Right,
right,
right.
So would you rather,
would you rather have super burps or Super Fart?
It's a good question.
I'm talking so you know what I mean?
When you do like a sonic Burp,
like super loud,
sorry.
Yeah.
Or
King ass rapper.
That was him.
Of course,
that's the king or ass rappers farts all the time.
Now.
It's really painful to
never heard.
Of course,
to talent.
Yeah.
I don't like
the [inaudible].
So it's basically that every time you burp
and you're at the mall with like the wife and the kid,
right.
And we're all there and that's what you do.
And,
or it's a sonic fart,
like a crazy,
crazy for it.
I can't ask for per fart,
and the smell is pretty bad too.
Yeah.
That's not even the best.
No,
I know.
Oh,
oh
Jesus.
Because I feel as though my life,
I hear a lot of that stuff from you all the time.
I'm definitely going Super Burp.
Why is that?
I just feel like it's,
it's more one of those things where is the gross,
but it's not as gross as your asshole people and joy and it can be kind of
amazed and fun with a big burp.
Big,
far.
People were like,
Oh man,
you're,
they're just basically,
they're like,
you need to shit.
That's what everyone is thinking,
right?
You're upsetting people with the big farts.
Totally.
A big BURP.
You could do that at a party.
You can do that at dinner and everyone kind of laughs like Jesus,
that's gross,
but I can stick around for everyone wants to run away from you,
you know?
Okay.
Now what if I took the smell out of the farts?
Yeah,
but here's the thing.
They don't know that it doesn't smell.
Everyone's going to assume that it smells like shit right next to her.
I wasn't going to run away.
You burp like that.
It's still,
it's funny.
It's a,
it's a,
it's a good time.
That was a good party is a good time.
A big BURP is really fun.
It's always fun.
There was this girl in high school who could drink like a can of Dr Pepper and
then she could belch the alphabet.
Right.
That's how talented she was.
This is a check,
by the way.
No girls are very good Berbers no women or women are right.
I went to an all girls Catholic high school.
Yeah.
There were a lot of chicks that could do it like that.
Yes.
I mean,
I,
first time I do feel like women are,
might be better at Sonic Belgians.
My cousin Janette burps.
Jeanette.
This chick from my high school.
Yeah.
I'm in.
There are a few girls from high school now.
I do.
I feel like a women can do it.
I think super fart thing.
I mean,
it's cool.
I'm surprised.
Honestly.
I thought you would have gone forward.
No,
I think I'm a little disappointed have,
but I think that's cool.
Yeah.
I mean it's not,
I mean,
I'd like to ask you for as far as all the time,
but I think the burp one just,
it has more mileage to it.
It's more fun.
What if,
when Charles in town,
which do you do see it's because of which the burbs upsets her warning.
Yeah,
they do.
Why is that?
Like,
I don't know.
She finds it.
I think she thinks a little bit of Fart is a little less in your control.
Fart needs to come out and that a burp.
You're doing it just to be gross,
but you are because you can close your mouth and go boom.
And the Bourbon you're up.
Oh my God.
But Barb,
you can just go,
you can change and go ah,
and let it out that way.
Speaking of which,
we've been having these meetings lately with various,
whenever people,
and you burped as you were talking to this important person.
Yeah,
Babe.
We were in our manager's office and this lovely gentleman agreed to meet with
us.
And you were like,
so anyway,
the story book move by bubble.
We're working with him now.
Is that the one?
Yeah,
but I'm Kinda,
I'm glad that he knows now who he's dealing with.
He's going to hear more of that.
But you did have to excuse yourself.
You're like,
yeah babe.
And I'm like,
this isn't the first time he's,
I feel like I burped way.
Oh,
I burped on hot ones.
A big BURP.
Cause it was between
wings.
Belch.
Yeah.
And then you burped one time with sickle cell.
You guys were meeting with some executives and I farted when he left the room.
Burped in the guy's face.
Basically.
I went on a Tom.
Yeah.
I didn't do it like that.
I just,
it went in my mouth and I go,
Hey Tom.
He knew it was happening.
You were hiding anything.
No,
no.
You still can't really hide a burger.
Brian was like,
Jesus Christ,
man.
He goes,
you fucking burped and there partying here.
It's going on with you.
That's how that's life with Tom.
So you would take the sonic burps,
what would you take?
I think to annoy you,
I would go sonic farts and here's why.
Here's why,
as a woman,
if you let out a sonic fart in public,
nobody's going to assume it's me.
They're always going to assume it's going to hear it's,
you know,
not necessarily.
Cause if I'm standing next to you in public and people are just going to think
it's you.
That's true.
So I feel like
I remember the year of Farts,
uh,
that started,
I think in Arizona we were checking in for a delta flight.
Might've been 2012 or something and we were both checking in and it was
afternoon.
It was new year's New Year's Day.
Yeah.
We were flying home from again,
we were at a kiosk.
Yes,
that's right.
And as you're checking in for the flights,
there's a,
there's another,
the opposite side of the kiosk is another screen so people can be on either side
of it.
And I farted and it was loud,
really loud and there was basically a guy behind the kiosk
and he leaned over.
Like,
I heard that,
hey,
and I was like,
that's what I'm doing this year.
Yeah.
This year is the year of course farting and just owning it.
Not Hiding it.
And it works.
You can do it just like calling people jeans all the time or mommy,
which we do constantly.
No pushback.
Zero pushback.
Who's going to call you out on a fart dude,
do you want to hear the fucking funniest prank call?
This guy?
I think it's Tony.
Yeah,
it's Tony.
He um,
I think he goes by Dj skull vomit.
He has this amazing,
he's amazing
calls that he does with a soundboard.
So he said my buddy Jake answered a house for rent.
Has the try it out guy.
Oh Shit.
Sorry.
It says Fart Simpson here.
That's what he goes by.
All right.
I like that.
Oh,
is this
looking at this ad family of three looking for room for rent.
Is that still something?
No,
we're not living for it.
A little of,
for a whole house.
Yeah.
We have a whole furnished basement.
We're looking for a place.
Where is this located at?
This is over and Wa.
Yeah.
Uh,
one.
Is that available?
Are you just looking for a week at a time or are you looking for indefinitely?
We going down every year over the week after the 4th of July.
We need to keep it down to the week after that.
I see.
I'm actually calling on behalf of my uncle.
He,
it's his house.
Give me one second.
I'll get him on it.
Hi.
Oh,
this is on both as a great set up.
The guys clean.
Good.
Let me talk to the guy and a good setup right here.
Yes.
Do you want to come then?
Yeah.
Uh,
I mean,
yeah,
we're looking for a place for a week to write a,
we'd get out and every year and actually the gentleman that we always run it off
of that 30 years passed away.
Good luck.
I'm moving you.
Come here with him.
Believe me.
We would love to move in down here and wa
can rent free food,
free rent and everything else,
man.
Hands a deal,
It's sent come home with you too man.
Huh?
Okay.
Uh,
so you've got a two bedroom today.
Free range chicken at least in a key.
You see me when I come over today?
Try it out.
Um,
yeah,
we would want him for Daliah.
Uh,
Jasmine's to the 14th.
The 14th to the 21st try not man.
He said it would be seven 50 a month.
I mean a wheat free rent,
free food.
Free food.
But you got to fuck me
honey.
I need to be fucked a lot,
man.
Army,
you beat me at home.
You know,
what do you see anywhere?
Come over today and try it out.
Try it out,
man.
Here's the client only as fuck,
I'm looking for hard work.
Guys wanted you to wake
up my trash come down.
So that's fun.
Yeah.
Uh
Huh.
Holy Shit.
How fantastic.
That was.
Genius.
Yeah,
that was perfection.
The guy's response.
Fuck me.
That was such a,
uh,
like a Baltimore,
Maryland that,
what did they call it?
Central Atlantic accent.
It was so funny.
That was great.
Thank you.
Fort Simpson.
I got to hear that again.
So I know that's a good build up to.
He's like,
yeah,
oh please.
For a week.
Oh my God.
Free food.
Free ranch and nothing else.
Deal man to man.
So you got a two bedroom,
he says free rent.
You get a lease in a key.
See anyone come up to me.
Try it out.
Yeah,
we would want for July 7th to the 14th to the 21st try not man.
He said it would be 750 a month.
I mean a week free rent free food.
You got to fuck me man.
How many I need to fuck a lot,
man.
Fuck.
Pardon me.
Beat me a home.
You know you see me when I come over today and try it out.
Definitely home here.
Now it's,
but now I hear home man out now.
No,
I hear homie.
No
fuck man.
I'm looking for hardcore guys.
Immediate want to do it.
I'm a hot salt by trash come down,
so that's fun
for as masterful.
Oh,
that's so funny.
Yeah,
that's really great.
Holy Cow Farts Simpson.
Wow.
Really did it man.
Oh my God.
Am I pass out?
It was so funny.
Oh,
good Lord.
He said to him,
I'm so well too
[inaudible]
just try it out.
No,
sure.
The song bird come.
That's hard.
Simpson and bird camera working for a song called I need to be fucked a lot,
man.
It's great.
When a good song.
That's a great song.
There's also a,
now this'll be up on the page if you want to see it alone,
like on its own,
it will be its own upload.
Is it?
Try it out.
Super Cut.
Oh,
with all the famous people,
look to Marchelle.
Black guys love the fuck.
Fuck black guys who love to fuck are seamless.
You're a hot black guy.
Black Guy.
If you're a hot black guy,
black guy,
you're a hot black guy.
He went,
Fuck me at 2195 if you want to move,
then you come move in.
But which going to fuck me?
But you've got to fuck me.
I seem to be fucked a lot,
man.
You go move in with me.
You get free food,
free rent free.
Listen to key everything else,
man.
He is the deal man.
And here's the deal,
man.
Here's the deal,
Yo Man,
here's the deal,
man.
Here's the deal,
Man from jail,
homeless.
You want to move and your frank come on Joe.
Free Rent,
lease and a cute fuck you gonna Piss on me.
Beat me.
Me beat me.
Oh Man.
Out and in.
Now I know.
Oh Man.
Out.
I'm human.
No,
I'm fine right now and I whole no,
but I'll be home later.
Cindy might come over today and try it out.
Try it out,
man.
Truck out.
Well,
piss on me.
Try it out like you beat me.
Try it out,
man.
I'll just tell you I fucked a lot.
Serious replies only I'm looking for hardcore guys to mean it.
Want to do it white trash.
Come down.
What's fuck,
really nice work.
Nice job.
Blue.
Wow.
That is the try it out.
Super Cut.
And he just never stops inspiring people.
You know my last text message,
I found your most recent message from Louie.
I want black guys who liked to fucking fuck good.
If you were a hot black guy wants to fuck me at 2195 one to do,
then you can repeat that.
You got to fuck me.
I need to be fucked to look man.
Free Food,
free rent and everything else,
man.
Here is the deal man.
Men from jail,
homeless or it.
Thank you.
Want to come move in.
Your friend can move in within two minutes.
You leave and you get a lease and the cane acme piece on me beat me.
I'm home here now.
You see me today?
Want to come over today and try it out?
Try Out in my building.
Tried out one a piece on me trying out.
I'm looking for hardcore guys.
We mean it in one to do it and deliver it.
White Trash,
come dump.
Let's move to reply.
That's a Louis,
uh,
Ozzie Siri,
letting it rip for the tryout.
He never stops inspiring people.
If only he knew.
You know,
they,
these people don't even know how much they inspire us.
I know a message looking for your feedback.
I think,
hi,
Mommy's me.
I first say thanks for keeping it real on the podcast.
You guys are fucking hilarious.
I'm wondering if you can help me with a problem.
My boyfriend has a real hygiene issue when it comes to the Brown.
This keeps coming up,
this kind of stuff.
I've been doing his laundry for a couple of years.
I witnessed his use of clean underwear steadily decline,
huh?
He normally uses about six pairs every two weeks wearing.
He wears each pair for up to three days.
Negative.
Well,
I think this is disgusting.
He thinks it's normal because he scrubs his butt hole using my expense of facial
cleaner.
After each and every poop,
sometimes even drawing blood.
Can you please correct his backwards ass on this matter?
I need him to man up and change his God damn underwear every day.
I also need to stop using my face soap on his hairy anus and balls.
P.
S I'm going to be one of the five women who buys the four stroke gang merge.
Literally convince my friend to name his Mustang.
The froze,
the forest routes,
the four stroke Stang Piss on me.
Beat me.
How a man out Chelsea,
the first of all,
I think you should weigh in on what her boyfriend
do.
You what kind of nasty motherfucker?
I mean that's wrong.
Every three days.
Yeah.
No,
it doesn't matter if your genitals and your butthole or clean,
you still have to change them because there's still residue of poop.
Residue.
Sweat.
Yeah.
Usage.
Why can't he,
can he not afford daily boxers or underwear?
I don't know what's going on.
No,
no,
no.
She needs to sit down with him.
Really talk about it.
That's nasty as hell.
It's pretty nasty.
I agree.
You can't wear the same underwear more than one.
I don't know how anybody is down with,
with the,
I'm talking men,
women,
non binaries.
Yeah.
If you're a homeless thug,
whatever.
I uh,
I mean that's the one thing when I go on the road,
I have a routine for packing.
I basically bring double.
Yeah.
Not of underwear that there are days I do too because three days you'll burn
similar.
Yeah.
There's certain days where you know,
you arrive,
you,
let's say you shower,
you switch out the underwear,
new underwear too.
In one day.
Right.
You've been sitting on a plane.
Mass balls are sweating.
Even fart farting all day.
Nasty.
Yeah.
You switch if you go to the hotel.
I mean I always go to hotel gym.
You're sweating in that.
You can't wear that sweaty fucking underwear out.
It's fucking nasty man.
And then you got your show Shoney's.
Yeah.
You got to take that shit off after it cause they're all sweaty after even
telling jokes for two hours.
Always bring extra more you.
This is disgusting one here I'm under him for three days is so fucking foul.
Even my Stepdad who was gnarly,
like all of his shorts were Brown.
It's summer.
He would never do that.
Like I feel like that would your dad do multiple days on,
I mean I don't think he does,
but he was also like if we're on a,
like if,
if you're on a trip or something and you realize you didn't pack the underwear
you need.
I'm always someone who's like,
well where's the store?
I had to go buy him.
My Dad would flip his underwear inside out.
So nasty.
I think I would rather wash them in the sink.
Like if I didn't have access to buying them,
wash them everyday.
You're right.
Do Something Air I'm out to to how is,
how are you like laying this TV?
I mean his balls and Dick,
my stank to you.
They can't.
You can't do that.
That was funky.
I know what I'm saying.
It's summertime right now.
Doesn't he walk around and sweat,
you know?
Yeah.
Just hot ball,
sweat and pubes are down there.
As he does he go to the gym or exercise and extend the wearing of that cause
that is real sleep.
Why can't ask you this?
Why are men so fucking disgusting?
Like do we,
are you guys just not taught hygiene from your parents?
It depends on your upbringing and whether being fouls encouraged or not.
Because there's a lot of dudes who are really hygienic and over the top with it,
but I think it's,
you know,
either have their own neuroses about it or they're raised that way.
They're raised to believe that,
you know,
you gotta be really on top of the cleanliness.
But if you're raised by people who you know,
encourage file behavior,
you're just going to go,
who's going to grow into it?
Yeah,
of course.
That is so fucking nasty.
Well,
how are you not a barbarian?
Your Dad is an animal moving around all the time.
I had three girls who were like,
that's nuts.
And I see how they reacted to dudes being gross.
It's so,
I am gross,
but I check it on certain things and gross.
Yeah,
I'm Harry and gross.
But I definitely believe in showers.
Clean clothes,
change your clothes.
You don't do multiple days on the same underpants.
No,
you're not.
You're not disgusting like that.
I've always been sloppy,
but I always said I was sloppy,
but not disgust.
That's right.
Throw clothes on the ground,
but I don't like hair in the sink and clean that stuff up.
It's questionable.
I do.
You leave the hair on the sink,
which doesn't even bother me.
I don't like,
I don't like hair on the toilet.
Stuff like that.
That's nasty.
Why is her hair on the toilet though?
Just like pubes will fall,
you know,
that kind of thing.
Yeah.
I think seeing like a funky toilet is gross to me.
That's nasty.
But are far toilets all these funky with yours Brown splatters.
But I'm saying I'm not a fan of that.
Yeah,
no,
I know.
It's disgusting.
That's so nasty.
I wanted,
there's not,
I wonder if there is nasty girls too.
Probably the do that.
Uh,
yeah.
That's nasty.
Now you got to have the conversation with this guy.
This guy.
I gotta go pee real bad.
Oh really?
Pause.
Yeah.
Oh,
okay.
That's nasty.
Hold on,
hold on.
There you go.
You peed.
You're having a snack.
You're pregnant.
It's exciting.
I mean,
my cheese man,
eating your cheese.
All in all,
it's pregnancy has been pretty easy except for written.
This is the last four weeks are fucking horrible.
But the polities helped a lot and been watching my diet.
It's been,
it's been pretty decent.
I've been taking boxing lessons do.
How crazy is boxing?
We were watching that movie creed.
Yeah.
It's a great movie.
It's so fucking hard.
Like that's gotta be the hardest thing to do.
You have a whole new appreciation for ah,
it's really the conditioning.
That's the craziest,
I mean,
yeah,
all of it is a skill set.
You know,
the punching to Kci Pine Change,
the um,
the movements anticipation.
I mean it's,
it's a skill set,
but the conditioning he would,
I think you end up going like,
how the fuck are these guys do this?
What incredible shape these dudes are interesting to be able to just to stay in
the ring.
Just to be like,
you know,
doing that stuff.
How long is it boxing match?
I mean generally three minutes.
No,
I but let's say an hour.
Theoretically.
How many rounds can they go and how,
how many minutes are each round?
I don't,
so you know,
you have 10 and 12 round matches bouts and,
and each minute is,
each round is three minutes,
which is like one time I took a,
anyway,
I tried kickboxing once in my twenties and just carrying the bag and kicking it
and shit like that for a minute.
Yeah.
I mean that's so exhausting.
I used to be just exhausted.
No,
it makes you realize when you walk after you do it a bunch and you,
then you watch one,
you're like,
oh my God,
how do these guys,
I'll do,
sometimes we do these combinations where you'll do 30 seconds of each
combination without a break for a minute and a half.
And if you're,
you're going in,
you know,
high speed,
you're building up and you're hitting it harder and harder.
I mean a minute and a half and you're like,
I'm feeling I'm going to die.
Could you imagine what it feels like after you're done with a fight?
Like a full of fight.
I know.
And those MMA guys do five minute rounds.
That's crazy.
And they're getting kicked and hit in the band or being choked out and like
you're wrestling at five minutes is an eternity.
It sure is three minutes.
If you're really boxing,
dancing,
move and touch him.
Twinging ducking dip and sliding,
slipping punches,
pop,
pop.
I mean you go through a combination like that and like a little back and forth.
You know,
maybe 20 seconds have passed and you're like,
fuck,
there's no hard 40 of this left.
So fucking hard.
Yeah,
I know.
I remember.
It's a lot.
It's,
it's the conditioning.
It's why you see those guys when they in they're in camp,
they're just running miles and miles and miles.
Oh yeah,
it's nuts.
Oh you know what an appearance you didn't mention that you did was Dr Drew's
show.
I did.
Dr Drew's also was nonstop for me last week.
I started getting messages like,
Hey man,
what do you promote it?
You're doing a bunch of press.
I was like,
it just happened this week.
Well cause you were on the road for so long and I think it kind of got
backlogged with people and I ask you to do things.
How about this this week?
And then what happened was the other things just were added to it after I had
committed to a few and I was like,
well I guess I'll just keep doing it.
What I wanted was fun.
Yes,
of course.
He's amazing.
Of course him and Mike Catherine would great too.
He's so sweet.
Um,
is the Anthony Bourdain we never spoke about.
I cannot believe we'd have not talked about Anthony Bordain.
Well,
I'll be honest that I didn't even want to talk about it last week because I was
so upset and I'm such a,
I'm such an admirer of his,
I read all the books.
I've been a fan of his since 2005 and I was really upset.
I think he took three days before I finally could let the news sink in and I'd
forget about it.
And then I remember and just be like,
oh my gosh,
I can't,
I can't believe he's gone.
It really,
it affected me too.
Also,
he became one of those personalities that,
um,
I kinda just took for granted as being there.
Yeah,
right.
Yeah.
Who I you're talking about?
You're like,
I like him a lot.
I really like him a lot.
I kind of,
you know,
I mean,
first of all,
look,
I just don't watch a lot of anything anymore except for,
it's like nighttime.
Well,
you know,
it's time to,
when it's time to,
for me to watch something,
it's nine 30 at night and it's usually a movie or a show the scripted,
you know,
and I watch what I watch and then that's it.
I don't have,
I don't have that much so I really don't watch that much TV TV anymore.
And you know,
his shows on CNN.
Um,
but I've been,
you know,
a long time fan of bore Danes and for me it started with kitchen confidence.
That book is amazing.
The book is amazing and if you've never read it,
and especially if you were already a fan of his and you're just like,
oh,
I never got around to reading it,
read that book.
It really,
I mean I remember when that book was a bestseller and I'm,
I'm pretty much a skeptic on all forms.
I'll be like,
Tuesdays with Morrie.
I'm like,
I don't want to fucking read that.
It's bullshit.
Do the Oprah put him on,
does she put them on how that,
that,
that catapulted him into the finale?
She got Ahold of kitchen confidential and he had put these tips in there like
don't order swordfish in a restaurant because of war and the days of the week.
I remember all that stuff.
Food on a Sunday,
all his,
you know,
if you watched him host no reservations or parts unknown on CNN or any other
things,
you know,
you realize that those voiceovers that he would do narrating the show were
written or spoken.
We're in his word,
write the copy and there's a really a poetic quality to the way that Bordain
summarize things.
Describe things.
I mean he was,
he really was a gifted writer.
Certainly a gifted writer,
you know,
had a really original point of view on the world.
But if you don't know that book,
you're just watching it,
you're like,
you know,
you might go like,
wow,
this guy is good at this.
It's a whole other peek into his talent because he really wrote in such a poll.
I mean it,
it's kind of book where it makes you want to go out to a restaurant that night.
It makes you want to be a chef,
makes you want to cook,
make and,
and he had like that rock star and Paul.
Yeah.
Punk quality.
What was great about kitchen confidential it?
Well first of all,
uh,
you know,
he had two failed novels before that he was writing mystery novels and they both
failed.
And then he got that old adage of like write what you now when he was like 40
years old and he'd worked in the restaurant for wow.
So even older,
you know,
he had a first wife,
no kids at the time.
And then he writes about what he knows,
which is this the dark underbelly in the way that he writes it,
which is great.
And what I really related to and I feel like creatively where I just,
I loved him.
It's that dark quality,
that shadow self.
Um,
it's kind of why I love comedy because it's all the dark.
It's the derelicts,
the masturbatory roundups the street people,
they comedic sensibility to,
oh,
it's great cause he's not writing it like he's not doing a fresh produce is one
of the most important things to have in a restaurant,
like a scumbag.
You know,
and he had,
he had problems with addiction and heroin and he talks about that in that for
the first book.
But,
um,
and by the way,
he did this is jumping around,
but he did do a speaking in an evening with Anthony Bordain.
He would do those tours where he would basically go out there and tell stories
and it's basically,
he was basically doing standup.
Oh,
he was fine.
It very funny guy.
Well,
Joe Rogan interviewed him once on the Jerry and I remember listening to that and
I just,
I loved him.
I just left.
I followed him on Instagram,
man,
when he broke up with Octavia Bordain,
I was like,
this is great.
It's finally my chance to get Anthony to hung out with them.
I went to and I didn't do that.
Uh,
but I did feel there is a kindred creative spirit there.
And so I'm so upset cause I,
I just,
you know,
cause especially all these fucking dumb chefs,
like you said,
it's like Andrew Zimmern.
Not that he's bad,
but it's just like,
it's a difference.
A different thing.
Yeah.
He was real,
Anthony had like a little bit of an edge,
a Lotta,
a lotta edge.
But I'm saying he had a little bit of that.
He had that thing where if somebody you don't know,
but you assume they would like you if you go,
I would talk to him and we would click,
I would click with this.
Or You want him,
you want to click,
I would be,
so I'm,
I've had dreams the night he died.
I had a dream about him.
Remember I told you I dreamt that we were in a New York City cafe and I was too
afraid to go up to him because he's cooler than me.
And I was like,
oh Anthony Bordain he's so cool.
And that's how I've always felt like that guy's cool.
We're not,
that guy's fucking cool.
And Yeah.
Anyways,
bringing back drew because um,
they,
they categorize this suicide as impulsive.
Right.
Which I was like,
is that right?
Is that really how that works?
Now I'm not obviously an expert and um,
but drew brought up a great point that this guy was essentially a heroin addict
and left untreated,
just kind of went from heroin to alcohol or workaholism or whatever.
Like he would just fill that,
that need with other things and he never went treated.
It struck me before when I would just watch the show and seeing him enjoy and
drink a bunch of different types of alcohol.
He did IOWASCA on his first series,
I think,
well that one strikes me reservations.
That's less of a thing in my mind.
But to do a Alaska on your TV show is King nutty.
It's nutty.
But I'm saying that all the times where I saw him enjoying booze,
man.
Yeah.
I would think back to the book and think back to being a heroin addict and that
he was doing the self imposed a medication of like why I'm leaving the hardcore
thing,
but I'm going to,
I'm going to medicate with something else.
Yeah,
yeah.
I mean I always thought that,
but you know,
you can never tell somebody I,
and I guess there are some people where it works.
It works for them.
You know,
according to Dr Drew,
who's a,
an addiction specialist,
anyone who's going from opiod addiction and not going clean,
but like,
uh,
doing other supplementary,
it's so you're just playing with fire the whole time.
It's super dangerous.
Well,
he mentioned that TV show Patrick Melrose on showtime and I started to watch it
and that's a pretty great represent.
It's,
that's what drew,
he says it's a representation of somebody going from heroin to just booze to try
to wean themselves off of heroin.
And it was so dark.
I couldn't,
I tapped out.
Really?
Yeah.
And I was really into it because that guy,
um,
Cumberbatch,
yeah,
Bennett fucked converge snatch.
He's a great actor.
It's a good rule.
A nice way of saying his name.
Yeah.
But it was so dark and I thought,
Gosh,
if Anthony Bordain uh,
it was dealing with a fraction of the pain and suffering emotionally that this
guy was no wonder,
you know,
but I'm super bombed.
It really bummed me out.
Made me sad,
you know?
I mean,
I know a lot of people were talking about here's somebody that has it all and
you know,
you see them just in,
in the fast lane of success and,
and not only has it all but has it all their way.
We are like,
dude,
you got to do it like you're doing the shore way you want to do you do you want
to do,
yeah.
He's not like a,
you know,
stockbroker that hates the job.
Right.
Or even like the morning show host,
fuck this job.
Yeah.
He gets and he gives and he gives his real opinion.
I used to love really love when I was watching no reservations back in the day a
lot.
My favorite things were when he was,
I think he was going to Greece one episode.
He was,
I want to say he was like,
I fucking hate lamb.
Yeah.
You know,
it's like I'm not looking for it.
I was like,
oh,
this is so real that this guy is,
he's not,
he respected all cultures,
you know,
and cause he would,
he would be like,
I don't want to eat this.
I remember he ate some crazy into it meal.
He was like,
yeah,
he was an art digest.
I loved that.
That he did too.
It wasn't always like whatever anyone gives me,
I'll always say something positive.
He would tell you like,
I fucking hate lamb.
It's not good.
I don't like that.
I don't like the way that was prepared.
He hated vegetarianism.
He was very open.
It was hilarious that he lives a carnivore and one time he went to Ghana and
they fed him like a rodent and he was like,
this is fucking utterly disgusting.
I'm forcing this down my throat right now basically.
And he was like,
I'm polite,
but this is fucking dope.
That's cool that that was a thing where you knew that he was being himself and
you knew he wasn't just doing that polite thing of yeah,
it's all good.
Everything's good.
Thank you.
And talking down to foreigner or to foreign cultures and talking down to people
and he would tell people this tastes like shit.
I love that about him.
He'll be missed deal.
Really good.
Missed.
I,
I've thought about them a lot since that happened.
Know I felt like he's one of those guys that you feel like you really feel like
you knew him well,
I think we,
you know?
Yeah.
And I think we had a few mutual acquaintances,
people that had known him and I would hear things about in between all the shows
and read.
I mean you obviously,
it's kind of like we knew him the way,
I dunno,
like certain maybe listeners of this show know us,
that you tap into something and then you,
you get to know someone for a long time.
I know it's in the Kate spade was few days.
Let's go with that one.
You guys.
I know.
It's crazy.
Well on the good news is my shrink was telling me that a lot of people have been
reaching out for therapy.
That's awesome.
These two suicides,
so that's good.
I've definitely had messages like that and I always encourage people to reach
out.
People reach out to me.
I'm saying sometimes when they're like going through this depression,
it's like always seek help,
please.
Yeah,
I,
cause I,
I I keep googling Anthony bike was like obsessed with the story
and it said that he did reach out to his doctor like a few a day or two before
and uh,
just they said didn't take the advice that the doctor had given himself.
Who knows what that means?
I know a HBO is coming up with a new Robin Williams documentary.
No.
Saw the trailer for it.
It's really,
it looked,
it looked amazing.
But I think what's so shocking with Anthony is that you didn't see that,
oh well why didn't see Robin lambs coming?
But when you go,
well he was,
he had some illness that he was dealing with,
right?
Yeah.
Robin was,
yes.
Yeah.
Ryan was dealing with like a serious early onset illness and the medication and
he knew,
they basically had told them it was going to be,
you know,
all downhill from here.
So he was like,
I'm out.
I think so.
Plus he'd,
he'd suffered from depression for years and years.
Yeah.
Kate spade and suffers from depression for years.
Right.
And she didn't want to seek treatment because she felt it would tarnish her
brand,
which is so sad.
Like that.
It's so sad that there's still a stigma on getting treatment.
It's for diverticulitis.
Okay.
Anyways,
guys,
I wanted to address it because I feel like it was an elephant.
Like,
oh,
at least you aren't going to talk about,
no,
I know.
We just silly.
We just didn't last week.
Um,
I could,
I wasn't ready.
I was like bombed out.
Let me tell you,
let me switch it up with something that might cheer you up.
Um,
this is,
uh,
this is real by the way.
We're in,
we're in the real news.
Okay.
Yeah.
Check it out.
Okay.
All right.
Yes.
Is The kwls morning news watch on news radio nine 50 and one oh 1.1 FM K w.
O.
S.
Kwls
times six oh six I'm John Predmore.
I knew water champion.
A controversy yesterday.
The competitive water consumption consortium announced Thomas the garage water
be container.
Christina PZD was disqualified.
The competition after testing positive for performance enhancing salts.
The CWC SI is expected to release an official statement this afternoon
announcing if Biz ed will be barred from future CWCC competition
news radio 9:59 AM and one oh 1.1 FM K w.
O.
S.
By the way,
if you want to know where the fans stand on this issue.
Yeah,
the water champ hat that was in our store for me sold out.
Okay.
Had to be reordered and I was just messaged that we might have to reorder it
again.
Okay,
look,
first of all,
yours in abundance.
You're good there.
Matt.
Matt Yanas let the record show.
Let's look right now at the evidence.
I'm drinking water,
Fiji water courtesy of Martin Riza of the Patina restaurant in downtown La
Familia.
He brings us this wire.
So thank you Martin.
Uh,
I drank this.
And what are you drinking?
A,
uh,
a venti ice coffee.
Extra ice.
No.
Sweet nurse Splash of whole milk.
It's mostly water.
No,
it's not mostly water.
It's mostly Brown,
which is what your urine looks like after you drink that.
Okay.
So one of us hydrates when it was dehydrates.
Not at the hydrating.
It is,
it's a stupid thing.
It's a stupid assumption that yes,
it's a diuretic.
So it makes you pee more stupid thing that stupid people say diuretic 63 years
ago today.
16.
It was born and it's important to note that stupid.
It's been a wonderful life.
Yeah.
I love you very much.
Let me to,
if you're born day,
it is to think that in
few years you'll be collecting social security.
So crazy.
Really an amazing thing.
Can you believe I'm 42 years old.
Wow.
That's fucking,
that's a lot of time to be honest with Bannon was tits.
I've been farming for a while.
It's a long time.
You're not even 40 yet.
That's so gross.
I know.
How does that make you feel?
It feels weird knowing how much you've been in your forties yeah,
like you keep being over 40 and I'm still,
what's it like now?
39 I'm 39 I can't wait for you to turn 40.
What are we going to do on the 40th fucking worst?
Let me tell you something.
You contemplate your life when you,
it's sad that midlife crisis shit is real.
You know,
I'm not a birthday party guy.
Not all thinking of having a birthday party.
I'm,
I'm opposed to the big birthday.
We talk about this a lot.
I don't understand these adults who are like,
it's my 47.
What do you,
I mean,
after 30 you don't get to do that shit.
Like you get the big ones.
30 40,
50,
60 but that's it.
Who gives a fuck about you and your birthday?
Like you,
you have a job,
you have a mortgage,
go on with your right.
Um,
well what do you want though?
But you and I both hate parties,
especially throwing them.
I know.
Maybe I'll do the big dinner,
a big dinner thing,
like an like we'll go to a nice restaurant with your friends.
Like the crushers.
No.
People are like,
oh man.
I mean maybe right.
I have some drinks.
Here's the problem with that.
Okay.
Yeah.
You only talked to two people sitting next to you and it's like,
what's the point of the big dinner?
What about the big dinner here?
You like Ha.
Like we feed people at our table.
That's a good idea.
You don't cook.
We have someone else cook.
It's a great idea.
I think a small intimate party at your own home.
You can kind of control the variables.
That's nice and then I can get fucking shit.
Face fucking house,
Bro.
Get ripped in half.
Can't wait till you're fucking ripped again man.
Man.
I've been sober for eight months.
This sucks.
I don't know how people do this.
I can't wait to get fucking drunk bro,
Bro.
I'm no Sushi and wine.
First thing when they pop this kid out,
dude,
that's what I want.
Bring me the wine and bring me to Sushi.
I don't give a fuck if I'm breastfeeding.
Email doesn't come in for fucking two or three days anyways,
bro.
Bring it.
That's pretty cool.
What are you going to do?
You're going to do something like you're going to go to Colorado with Burton Ari
and watch some Grand Prix race or something.
Fucking dude thing like that.
And my birthday for your 40th.
Yeah.
You're gonna like go horseback riding with Joe or something.
Why you always talking about your horseback riding thing?
You literally described the last thing on earth I know is terrible.
No,
I won't do that.
I will.
I don't know.
You know?
I really don't know.
I liked so far I like the dinner idea.
Yeah.
Like a nice dinner.
I like that too.
And got to bring in the people you really liked out.
See that's it.
The key to it.
Yeah.
See a party has too many,
um,
you know,
fringe kind of on the outsiders and the cause the party.
People always find that when you're like,
I don't want this,
do it in my party.
You want them at your party and you're not really talking to them anyways,
but the dinner,
you can make it smaller.
You can make it exactly how you want.
I like it.
I like it too.
God,
I fucking hate birthdays.
You know what I hate?
I hate getting all the text messages and the met like happy birthday and you're
like,
oh,
I want to,
I think I would do the,
uh,
the birth.
That's good.
We don't cook.
I don't want to cook.
I don't want to clean up.
No,
you have somebody else do all of that.
Um,
yeah,
I hate birthdays.
I hate,
I hate the in between birthdays like this one,
like 42.
Like who gives a shit?
Nobody fucking cares.
Have you go,
you know,
I can't work.
I'm still gonna fucking do I care.
Yeah.
So why know how much you love people screaming and how it makes you laugh.
Um,
there's a guy apparently goes all over the world.
Coyote Peterson,
I think is his name and he likes to find like the most painful bites and stings.
Any films himself going through it.
Oh my God.
It's really crazy
how to say that the sting of the trench will hawk is number two and the insect
sting pain index.
It's like being stunned with a Taser and they say it puts you into a state of
paralysis for up to five minutes where all you can do is scream.
You're going to do this yourself.
Yeah.
To himself.
Does he have the antidote with him?
There's no antidote because it's not me.
I know.
It's just painful staying mealy mouth.
Second.
This is the most nervous I've ever is.
Basically fear factor bite from anything.
My hand is shaking.
Selfimposed yes.
Already.
What a fucking idiot.
Ready?
Yeah.
Here we go.
I'm Katie Peterson and I'm about to enter the stings zone with the Tarantula
Hawk.
That's just a stinger,
but it's really,
don't do I browse on to it too.
Here we go.
Oh No.
Oh No,
don't do,
it's like forcing a steam.
Yeah.
Oh my gosh.
You're not laughing,
Tom.
Oh,
why aren't you laughing?
I hope our kids never do shit like this,
man.
I did it though.
Self.
She was crazy.
This is not good
and this won't
kill you.
That was the most intense pain I've ever felt.
The gag and talk
to you after the hotline show in the toilet.
My diarrhea,
I just can't move my arm.
Why is he doing this?
This is for television or just the answer,
right?
Just for youtube views.
A lot of views.
Yeah.
Your arm is swollen up.
A second wave of pain.
I say you don't have to do this.
It's actually seen it.
Get this part.
Do it again.
Oh,
I've read that.
It's like getting tased with a Taser gun.
I've never been tased before,
but I can tell you that the pain is unbelievable right now.
You to
go get ticked off and on my forum so you can compare it.
I agree.
There's that video.
Yeah.
You guys at least go all the way.
Fuck man.
I don't like that.
Yeah.
How can we,
I laughing.
I feel like you would laugh at it.
I don't know what,
why aren't you laughing?
I think cause he like,
we know it's coming.
I think the surprise would have been better if you just saw the guy put the bug
on his arm and not say what's going to happen.
Like if his friend had put the bug on his arm.
Oh,
and then that you're right.
That's a funnier setup.
That's a funny or setup sure.
Than him just being like,
I'm going to do this to myself.
Right.
And then he really looked like he was in real pain.
Yeah.
He's also,
it's prolonged on some of these things,
like the guy jumping off the tow truck,
it's quick,
you know,
it's just like,
and then it's over.
This is like you're seeing someone suffer,
which I thought would be in your wheelhouse.
Nah,
I don't like that so much.
Um,
I like it if like a guy friend,
like a jackass set up,
we're like,
maybe Johnny Knoxville dumps that bug down like someone's shorts and they get a
bite on there,
Peter or their balls.
Now that's a funnier scenario.
Or like if one of those guys is sleeping and they let that thing,
oh shit,
God,
they should've submitted this a jackass and that would have been,
that's a good one.
That would have been a good thing.
Here's a double pipe,
classic loophole question.
Oh,
interesting.
I was talking to my wife the other night about double pipe classics and I had an
epiphany if Tom were to bit to Burp and Christina's how you say asshole and then
Christina,
where to fart that burp out.
Would that technically be a five classic?
Just wondering,
try it out.
Love you.
Mommy's Jr.
Um,
no,
that would not be,
but I really liked the way your mind works.
You're uh,
definitely grows and you're really using your time for good.
But I don't think that works.
It's thought provoking.
I burp into your asshole and you fart that out.
I mean,
I get what he's saying.
Like it is a technical loop and a Fart,
but it's not the same thing.
Well,
no,
here's why it's a DQ.
Yeah.
First of all,
the double pipe classic is a burp comes out of your mouth,
your mouth,
and far it comes out of your rack down.
At the same time,
he's saying,
you're going to burp into my rectum.
And so the that my rectum is just full of your burp air.
I know.
And that actually is [inaudible] it's improper saying there's a burp.
That's a fart.
I understand what he's saying,
but the definition of a double pipe is that you're burping out of your mouth and
farting out of your anus at the same time.
So it's,
it's not even a,
it's an,
it's a nonstarter guy.
This is not even a loophole.
It's not,
it's,
it's illogical.
What you're,
what you're suggesting is it's a logical,
it's not right.
Somebody writes us,
hey genes.
Recently I was giving my girlfriend a back rub.
We had just had sex and we were still naked,
so it was sitting on top of her.
But with our bare butt touching,
I didn't think much of it,
but I had to Fart and I ripped a loud one,
which ended up going directly into her butthole.
No,
she was not a fan of the sensation of the wind and particles going into her
rectum.
Is there a name for this or some people into this?
Did I accidentally discover a new fart fetish?
I just wanted some gene's opinion on this.
Sincerely.
Zinzer um,
well Zim,
I think you are nasty as hell.
You mean you wouldn't even do this to me?
Sit on you and Fart into your butthole.
It's not,
it's not what I'm,
I don't think it wasn't as yoga.
I don't think.
And I understand what he's saying.
He signed someone's butt and then you fart on there.
But,
but in order for that far to go into somebody's butt hole,
you're buttholes clenched shut.
So I don't think that the FARC can go into her butthole unless her name.
Of course.
No,
of course this is,
he just farted on her butt.
Right.
So that's just bad luck for her.
It is.
Is it,
are some people into it?
I'm sure somebody out there is like,
I love when somebody just farts on me on my butt cheeks.
But if that were to go in and there'll be a fart transfer,
that's not happening.
But fart transport transfer students.
It's not how it's not happening.
It's not pie.
It is possible,
but it's just not.
You could,
you could put a funnel in her butthole and then fart into the funnel and maybe
some of those fart particles will go into her best hall.
Such another level of commitment to that to Fart into a funnel and put it in
someone's asshole.
I mean it's not like an accidental thing that just happens.
You're really,
really going forward at that point.
That's what he's suggesting that he's done,
but without the funnel and that's not possible.
I'm saying it's not.
You see the White House video,
did you see?
Yes.
You did see it.
Depressing.
Guess you showed this to me.
I thought I've sowed you just like a moment of it.
I,
it's so disturbing and alarming.
The White House put out.
This is so crazy.
It's so now you're just gonna
upset me all over again cause it's so embarrassing that this is our leader or
putting out this nonsense.
It's,
it's so funny that this is actually real because when I saw it I was like,
there's no way this is real and it is real.
Here's the best part about this for people that don't know what I'm about to
show you was played for the journalists at the summit in Singapore after Trump
and Kim Jong Un met this,
played on large screens for the journalists and then from blocked out and did
his press conference.
So great.
It really feels like a sketch when you see this.
But here's what we learned afterwards.
Trump actually showed this kick to Kim Jong at lunch.
He showed them this video,
which you knew he had to be like,
you want to see some,
we want to see some bad ass shit.
Let's see some cool stuff.
Yeah.
And then Kim turned to his translator was like,
Huh.
And the translator was like sort of the hell he was Japanese.
And then he goes like nod and like,
yeah,
we'll see some cool shit.
And then Trump showed him this and was like,
what?
Well you think?
And then Kim Jong Il was probably like set it the home depot,
which means like he said that some bad ass shit.
Like I bet you that's not far off from some
7 billion
of those alive today.
Only a small number will leave a lasting impact it feels like and only the very
few will make decisions or take actions that would match their homeland and
change the course of history.
History may appear to repeat itself for generation.
The crazy thing is I fear the White House.
You have to have access to like the best producers,
editors you can reach and it was clearly made by,
you know,
corporate like this is corporate creativity.
If uh,
you know,
yeah,
if fucking in a world it just feels very generic.
It feels generic.
It's generic editing.
It's generic voiceover as generic music.
It just feels like there was,
I don't know,
like a shopping cart company would be like,
Hey,
we have a new shopping cart coming out.
Can you guys make a video?
This would be the type of video while you're not even getting to the good parts
yet.
No,
I know.
This is,
it gets better and better.
Only a few
difference
difference.
It doesn't have to be the future
that share a common and rich heritage can find a common future.
Destiny pictures presents a story.
Fuck is happening.
Destiny pictures presents.
You've heard of destiny pictures,
right?
So clearly this is,
you know,
you can sit in,
right?
You can see like the White House we didn't,
they're like,
wow,
it's a fig trailer.
You know it's our destiny to have this come together.
And he's like,
that's it.
Destiny pictures presents.
I get like,
it's like a movie that's really going to happen.
Yeah,
but make it like super bad ass.
Like all kinds of cool shots there can only be
moving back.
Be Explosions in this video.
Tom.
Oh wait.
I think in destiny pictures.
I forgot this.
Watch two man.
Justin
time.
When a man is presented with one chant that may never be there.
It is.
What release you to show vision
stock footage of the guide dunking.
That's my favorite thing ever.
It's hey,
can you get a guy to dunk
in the video?
The science,
science medicals
loves basketball.
Yeah,
no,
I know Dennis Rodman or one of moving forward
is launching.
For those of you that don't know why this is absolutely fucking but Nana's do a
little bit of research into diplomacy in a way that it's approached.
Um,
tech create a fake movie trailer that you actually released to the general
public and play for journalists and play for the,
uh,
isolated dictator of country.
It's fucking crazy,
man.
It's crazy.
This is,
this is,
uh,
it's definitely not how things have been done,
but you know,
I guess we'll hold out are
embarrassing.
Like it's so embarrassing.
I know.
It's so amazing.
I can't even bring myself to have an opinion.
You ever get like you're some subset inside today.
Oh my God.
Somebody was telling me like this and this feel like a stupid,
it feels like Scientology videos.
One of,
yeah,
Ken history,
we changed,
moves the world,
embrace this change and when could this moment in history
and enjoy prosperity like he has never seen or more isolation.
We chose
so wild
little levity.
It's so crazy.
It's so fucking nasty.
I,
I'm not,
I can't even,
I think that it's not just that video,
it's the source of the video.
That's amazing.
And where the video was played.
Yeah.
It's so inappropriate.
Oh,
you know what's,
what it reminds me of is when you see somebody make like an independent film,
like their own film and then they're like,
Hey,
look at this movie I made
cringey.
Right.
Yeah.
And then they send you the trailer that they made on their apple computer and
that's what that is.
It's,
it's like the Steven Seagal movies that we,
we watch sometimes Sunday.
It's exactly like
that.
Looks like a single trailer.
It's so cheap.
Asia and America collide.
It looks terrible.
Terrible fucking make the trailer incredible.
Yeah.
You know,
people in Showbiz might,
there's people that support you,
find it fine.
Like put kid rock in the video.
He loves you.
Yeah.
If it was like North Korea,
do the right thing,
whatever.
Or you know,
have the celebrities endorsing you that,
that,
like you said,
it's been nice.
It's just utter nonsense.
What's really interesting though is that Dennis Rodman is saying that like he
was the first to coin.com that's the shirt.
He wore it on the news,
but he's,
he's taking credit for this.
He's like,
look dude,
I was the first person to go to North Korea and establish contact,
and you guys,
you motherfuckers tell me,
he kind of does.
Like when did Dennis Rodman become the voice of reason in the world?
This world that we live in now?
That makes a lot of sense.
We live in it.
Everything that you thought made sense.
I mean,
even the video being played,
it's like,
it's one of those
thing fucking,
when people send,
Hey,
I did stand up for the first time.
No,
don't do that,
and you watch it.
I'm like,
fuck no.
God dammit.
Here's another,
here's a tip for you.
If you really want to get into stand up,
don't post the first time you've done stand up or the first seven years of doing
any of that stuff.
Guys,
it's not good.
It's not good.
You're not good at it.
It's terrible.
It's bad.
And if you think it's good,
you're wrong,
it's not good,
you're not good at it.
Well,
and also I understand the,
I know you want to share,
you want validation to be fair,
I understand a younger comedian might want your feedback,
but on the other hand though,
so what,
like that's just how you would you stand up.
You're just telling this person,
hey,
this is how I would do it.
You know what I'm saying?
It's not really guidance
about it,
but you definitely shouldn't post it.
Don't post it.
Don't post years.
Stand up for a long time posted when it's been really like test it out and yeah,
you've done it to a lot of audiences and then you go like,
hey.
Unless you're like,
oh,
I just did it for a laugh like I,
I did it for.
But if you're like,
I'm pursuing standup,
believe me when I tell you,
you don't want that to be a representation of,
you know,
think about standups that you really like and admire.
What do you see of them?
You see a finished product,
you see something that's 10 years at least.
So you're like,
yeah,
I've been uploading a all my sets on youtube if you want to watch him.
I said,
dude,
you shouldn't.
Well,
and I remember being frustrated when I was a,
excuse me,
50 or comic or fourth year comic.
It'd be like,
why aren't I in the clubs?
Why aren't I?
Yeah.
And I didn't know at the time,
but I sucked.
That's why.
And the,
when you get good enough,
people will take notice.
You don't have to do much.
Once you're good,
they'll invite you to do the shows that you want to be doing.
Don't worry.
Don't push it.
No,
I know.
It takes time.
It just,
there's no short time.
Those videos are so cringy when they're,
when they're,
oh,
it's,
I won't,
I won't watch them.
Oh my God.
No.
People submit them to me and I politely decline.
I say,
look,
I,
I just don't think,
I don't want to derail you from your creative journey.
I totally agree.
What if I say something and I discouraged?
I hate.
And that ends up being your thing that makes you an,
I told you to stop doing that because I wouldn't do that.
Personalizing hate giving standup notes and I don't like it either.
I won't one on one.
Only critiquing.
It's like,
who am I?
Who am I to tell you what,
what you think is right.
I know I don't like it.
I don't like,
I'm putting a thought in your head that maybe changes another thought that you
had that maybe it was a good thought just because I think it,
but I still don't want to watch your awful video.
How'd you are?
Please don't send me your videos.
No,
fucking God.
It's really,
Oh,
do you know Gucci Barry?
No.
He's this,
this guy.
So today is going to look up.
We thought we'd do Americans.
Maybe we're doing a show right now.
A little leaguer.
Swing really nuts.
What are you doing on your phone,
man?
Uh,
my food is arriving and I would like to know whether or not Claudia opened the
door for this person because they're calling me.
Okay,
well,
we're in the middle of this podcast.
I know.
Okay.
So then they'll just send my food away.
I'm pregnant and I got to eat.
All right.
You want me to suck it up again?
Oh sure.
Yeah.
Okay.
So today a swing to the fact,
Sunday we thought we'd do America's favorite pastime.
Baseball.
We're going to let this little leaguer swing really nuts.
Can I keep the Green Slam your nothing to add.
Ah,
ah,
ah.
See I've really discovered about myself just in this episode and I don't
like when it's like planned out and anticipate it as much.
I liked the accidental.
That's interesting.
You like the element of surprise.
Yeah.
I don't like,
I don't like this.
If it,
all he would've had to done is just show you this video without the setup and
then you would have laughed.
Maybe.
Maybe I,
I don't,
I won't know now,
but I definitely don't like it.
I don't like it either.
And too much of my memory goes to having my balls.
No,
I think you've got something there because America's funniest home videos made
several seasons of that show.
Just on this premise.
It's the nut hit.
Right.
And the reason the nut hit worked is because it wasn't deliberate.
It was the accidental kids swinging.
Yeah.
It's the mom doing whatever asked the kid is they hit him in the balls with a
fucking baseball bat.
Yeah.
It doesn't work when it's deliberate,
unless it's jackass.
And there's a group of guys laughing.
Yeah.
You know,
and there's like some stakes or they've agreed to it.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Ah Ha ha ha ha.
Oh
fuck me.
Ah,
God damn it.
What's going on with this guy?
You think?
Oh,
I got high ground flat on in there.
he needs attention.
We'll whole,
Oh
yeah.
I know.
I do works on Jackass though because the other guy's laughing.
Give you permission to laugh.
Yeah,
that's true.
And you know that it's okay.
And you know that whoever gets hurt,
first of all,
I was okay with it.
Yeah,
they've sent,
you also know he's going to get somebody back.
My,
there's a bunch of goofballs doing it,
but this one just felt sad.
Oof.
Jesus Christ aesthetic.
Um,
there's a bunch of stuff in the store right now.
If you guys a thank you for supporting the try it out.
Ball Hog.
Um,
what was the oh,
the force stroking of course,
multiple forests stroking.
There's shirts,
there's a hat.
A new thing is coming out next week.
So for that,
I know what you're talking about.
Show you cited prototype last night.
Um,
shows are on sale.
They're on presale.
Talk to [inaudible] Dot Com Christina p online.com.
Is there anything else to mention gene?
Hmm,
no,
I don't think so.
Happy born day.
Thanks.
I love you.
I love you too.
Your mommies and a no,
I said I looked at,
let me mommies.
Oh,
you too.
I love you too.
And uh,
I love Tom.
Thank you guys for listening.
Here is the closing song.
It is.
What is it?
Gaping dead for stroke anthem.
We haven't had a gaping dad's song in a while.
He's always really good.
So here it is.
Thanks for listening.
We'll see you next week.
Perfect.
Do y'all man,
y'all man,
that's up to y'all man or infant deal man.
And he came in droves.
Total debt.
Total debt
right now,
right
now.
Right now.
Right
now,
right now.
Right now,
right,
man,
man.